Oh.
How do you make me satisfied?
Sir, don't do that.
This is your sincerity.
They are the people of Qin Er Young Master.
It is very sincere to be able to let this idiot of yours take advantage.
Qin, you just came to the company and stole the first level company rules.
Not very good.
You said if these photos were in circulation
How can you run the company?
Did Kim Ngoc Phong arrange it for you?
Yes, the second young master knows you are eager.
Just come up with an idea and put him in the trap.
I can't believe you're as stupid as ever.
So what do you want to do? It's simple.
You return the letter to the Master.
Then compensate the second young man another 1 billion.
This is over.
Some lions opened their mouths.
If I add to you a count of attempted rape
Can you still feel our lion opening its mouth?
I'll sue you for forcing me.
These photos are enough evidence.
You idiot, you can't even obey your destiny.
Try to rape.
Hey.
Wait a minute.
Watch this first and talk about it later.